PLAT-121900: Fix to close expanded dropdown with back(escape) key (#449)
enactjs/agate: CHANGELOG.md

- `agate/Button` to marquee when focused
- `agate/Button` to show a tooltip when hovered
- `agate/DateTimePicker` returned value by onChange event

> - `agate/Dropdown` to support close expanded dropdown with 5-way key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agate/Dropdown` to support closing dropdown with back key
```
